add missing documentation for system sync database replica. (#54707)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/statements/system.md

 - If a `LIGHTWEIGHT` modifier was specified then the query waits only for `GET_PART`, `ATTACH_PART`, `DROP_RANGE`, `REPLACE_RANGE` and `DROP_PART` entries to be processed.
 - If a `PULL` modifier was specified then the query pulls new replication queue entries from ZooKeeper, but does not wait for anything to be processed.

### SYNC DATABASE REPLICA

> Sync all tables from all [replicated database](https://clickhouse.com/docs/en/engines/database-engines/replicated). This will make the ClickHouse synchronously fetch all table definition
> from zookeeper and applied locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Waits until the specified [replicated database](https://clickhouse.com/docs/en/engines/database-engines/replicated) applies all schema changes from the DDL queue of that database. 
```

Author: Ah, I somehow didn't notice the database name param. Thanks

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Syntax**
```sql
SYSTEM SYNC DATABASE REPLICA replicated_database_name;
```
```
